luxury will come to mine now
next video so rickmann life death
I'm just ah came the
on 4723 and I can not say it
So my last post will be me
Let's stop it, let's say so
is not worth it anymore
here again defense now time
look how it will look like ever since
I have a lot on two items again
found
whether over 40 cups were brought within
six hours, though, on alpha omega
but I found three cups and on
I also found three cups in all of them
and just not anymore
Yesterday found nothing
Defense to 35 so I'm coming
forget and that's why I will now
First of all, we just do not stop anymore
now the holidays for a few days
My parents are pushing too hard
a little bit of weather again and then
always in there swimming again opened
and I just can not stand it anymore
far, there are simply more important ones
I think so things look now
how the fight will get the 33 34
is I think more of us
could certainly be -30 - 35 times
see if the heroes go in or
not at the moment it looks quite good
from the queen has still good you can do something
Maybe you have to look
we can still win maybe
not 26 percent come to judges
Out perfectly the queen is chained up
that you can be but my talk
definitely win a star
probably only 42 put on no
case
44 percent well the years now
In any case and then it was
I'll fight you one more time
show from yesterday
that was just enough from yesterday on
So I was with football watching with
friends casillas we were natural
for coffee and then it was
90 minutes 90 +2 think I have
So deserves a free shot
So hsv that actually no
free kick was and then has increased from it
a goal shot
and yes we are totally dislocated me
forget to light my cows
zack 49 percent minus 34 I got
you are not so excited
only 34 because I forgot the
shit green to kindle i would like that
can disengage that as well
I'm told I'll be at 4700 now
probably also 4710 or to be
but what could I possibly do?
I imagine that determined 16
cups or 18 cups yes at two
will ask if it - may have been 36
Show you this time with the short
So base holds really good that can
you leave the base I have nothing
taken and he actually get real
only a star maximum so I still
no two stars at the time
got a base and now someone
Attack lures so I'm in front of me
always a sand attacked everything
I just did not feel like it
more today has just a little bit more
I just wanted nothing
found
only higher attacked the server alpha
and omega him so what can out even
nothing so it was not really worth it
However , I have just defense
I can win with new trophies
to share briefly
by the way, if you have more bock
seeks defense soley defense
then let me in any case the
know comments because then could
now also often mapper videos
Upload them as I simply equal
distributed here now time to live
defense just on the side
much further with kites
attacked because it look what he
I did wrong, as I said
right now just live
defense always could do then
but make a lot more videos
yes it is not much work where you are there
it must be honest to me, too
said really fun times to watch and
maybe I could say what
Now I have forgotten in any case
live defense is not really upset
maybe not even doing that
too long videos maybe always like that
own defense maybe two
So is that leave me relatively unimportant
a bit whether its own two
you want to see 36 percent and yes he does
Can the maximum hero with maximum
Heroes because things turned out so good
positive for me and now
I'll show you the enemy right away
or I do not think I can
show more
because I follow the power off or
Yesterday where I lost him here -
34 49 percent can show you here
So I 'm all right back here
had gone away there finally 46 47 back here
still with the archer
archery camp brought and then here
from here so about here with
a hero ryan good was not a problem
then I have a sponsor here and
Mine lights turned off at 49% here
why not for my green oneself
shoot up the skis and I have
just watched and forgotten on football
They ignite otherwise the runners
still nothing arch and airways get
maybe even town hall i shit
what they do not do
also in the end my mistake so that
was it with the coup with me first
I just can not stand anymore 12
too often and just for the holidays
Can not sleep anymore or me
must be up eight years because
otherwise my shield runs out or because of me
at noon he also knows what to help
yes, for example, if I am
in the morning , when I say parents
not with rasen then I would be
maybe three turf means I have to
you get up that I'm six hours
can still play a bit 33 fairy tales
then race at eight o'clock in the evening
or nine rastatt because the next
session and then six hours 13
at night and then
after five six hours of sleep fuel
no further bob I hope
that tomorrow maybe for you because I
just like that still scientist of
Potentials are my suggestions for
So the next you video as I said
right now on live defense
if you also bock it then let
I definitely have a comment
Maybe there's something like video in the video
slightly upwards
thumbs up jobs you liked
if so, as I said just let in
Thumb up there down below and up
next time